as the attorney representing Adrienne's
trust I'm required to read a prepared
statement Cecelia although our
relationship was far from perfect I
thought that you would talk to me rather
than run away okay what happened to him
he cut his wrists for his final wishes
you're getting five million dollars
contingent of course on the fine print
they can't be ruled to be mentally
incompetent it just doesn't make any
sense what Adrienne wouldn't kill
himself listen I'm getting your freedom
back okay don't let him haunt you
[Music]
I'm scared you don't have to be scared
of him anymore he was a sociopath
completely in control of everything he
said that wherever I went he would find
me walk right up to me and I wouldn't be
able to see him okay someone's sitting
in that chair I found something I can't
prove what I'm experiencing you need
help
Adrian is dead I wouldn't tell us today
he's not dead
I have a pile of ashes in the box that
would disagree with you he has figured
out a way to be invisible
only thing more brilliant than inventing
something that makes you invisible then
it was coming up with the perfect way to
torture you even in death
Adrian is true genius was how I got in
people's heads don't come any closer
and I'm not crazy
believe me you're saying the person
trying to kill you
is in the room right now but we can't
see him
[Music]
there you are
[Applause]
I'll hold the road like this [ __ ] tight
pants and fast cars don't make you
Batman Mike
get me the [ __ ] out of this car
my we got more time behind us than their
front head please I'm gonna be running
down criminals till I'm 100 not me on
guitar this time we be good men
who the [ __ ] wants to sing that song
Mike I'll put you on a new team you're
working with ammo now okay ammo is a
high school musical boy band wit gun
you look great grandpa so you're that
guy this is always one right up till
there's not that's what I like teamwork
you know
Marcus somebody's trying to kill me who
wants to kill you I don't trust a person
that don't wanna kill he'll put my name
thanks a lot we got it Marcus we
appreciate it
but family is the only thing that
matters so I'm not letting you go on a
suicide mission alone one last time one
last time
Oh
[Music]
when the hell are you getting all these
helicopters
oh this is my wife's car cover the front
door she knows he always knows look at
this all those years in the big city we
finally got out we're living the dream
maybe it is a dream
[Music]
then everything just blew up big flash
like a pink light or actually I don't
even know what color it was it wasn't
like any color I'd ever seen before
looks like a meteorite
it's radioactive I mean it's from space
right meteorites are Germany no more
dangerous than ordinary L'Occitane okay
so do they just disappear did you plant
those no wart you care for a sec oh god
who's talking to you it's in the static
it's in the moisture sin here is out
there
that's out there is in here now
everything's under control
no engine honey oh nothing from the
meteorite changes everything around it
[Music]
just good color you believe me no I
don't know why I believe anymore
[Applause]
[Music]
everything's gonna be a-okay Sam
my precious Sam hey Sam stay where we
can see you becoming parents gave Claire
and I a greater sense of purpose every
day bro with her new memories each one
sacred in its own way I know exactly
what you mean
[Music]
crazy grief counselor when she I'm done
I began to notice these inconsistencies
do you remember where this was taken
yeah it's Griffith Observatory I swear I
remember taking this photograph we were
but we were in Seattle how would you
feel if you could no longer trust your
own memories you remember the children's
book when you're growing up about the
family of bears the berenstain bears
Baron Stein
stdin they've been hard to reach lately
I just started noticing some things like
what kind of things we're living in
parallel universes can you picture the
monopoly man what's on his face
apparently it's never been the case the
Mandela effect either we're sliding
between parallel realities like a
simulation and it's glitching it to hear
yourself right now maybe it's in my head
clear but it's not maybe none of this is
real
[Music]
what the hell is going on
I'm not crazy
I need to know the truth
what makes you think this is gonna bring
your daughter back anyway
I design games I cook this is a
simulation who if this is cold then I
can do something
it's no small thing shutting the walls
down there's something you need to
understand ideas are dangerous things
[Music]
what would you want to be known for on
earth we only have a short time on this
planet
you want to become the person that you
were born to be don't waste your time on
all the junk of life what am I to eat
[Applause]
spend your precious hours doing what
will bring out the real you
[Music]
the brilliant passionate youth
that's ready to contribute something
meaningful into this world
I got the gig I really need a haircut
today man can you fit me in whoa whoa
[Music]
so what do you want to be remembered for
probably for doing this funny cowboy
dance
[Music]
$20,000 yes what I'm gonna tell you to
kill him a lot the devil comes to me
I've been watching you there's the death
die
it's are advised to stay indoors we got
a hurricane you biscuit country
all signs clearly point to you being the
murderer
tell me what happened I didn't do
anything
[Music]
is it true that's your wife don't treat
you right he was
- drives me insane
I know you got this in here we've had
the sweet patch of love
we ain't gonna see if you had a dark
side darker than the hell
[Music]
you'll have to trust me you see what you
did you expect me to believe you didn't
commit murder
[Music]
what's he talking about he's a monster
okay
[Music]
remember the voice in your head the one
that said
[Music]
here is the place that came from
so began the legend of Peter the boy who
would not
fun to fly we can fly really fly
[Music]
tell mama I've just stayed a little
longer tell her I miss her and I love
her
[Music]
beware children
you can leave yourself behind
you won't even know when it happened
[Applause]
we're lost boys go when they're really
lost
[Music]
all children
grow up
[Applause]
but some the wild ones
the ones with a light in their eye
scheme
you